# ENGL-3500-Homework-3  

Coursework for ENGL 3500: Literary Games taught by Professors Jason Bennett (jcb2h) and Brad Pasanek (bmp7e) at the University of Virginia

# Reflection

I really enjoyed the discussion we had on Sicart and Bogost, I guess partly facilitated by me since I did the presentation on the Procedure vs. Play. I'll say that I think I made some error in making a false dichotomy. I'm not quite sure whether they're actually opposing each other? Maybe I'd have to read into it more. But I at least thought about it as the procedure of a game definitely conveys information and there's really nothing wrong with that, but the players add in another layer to the game itself. The players can add and even optimize different layers starting from one such base game, and in that sense, I sort of think as "play" as an EXTENSION of procedure, at least to my understanding. I get the feeling I'm missing something though, or I don't quite understand procedure if I"m being honest.   
I also think maybe there are certain "orders" of games. So take a game such as soccer. In a soccer game, I would categorize that as the first order game. But a soccer best-of-3 against another team is a higher order game where you win points by winning games of soccer until you score 2 points. Then a soccer tournament would be an even higher order game comprised of soccer best-of-3s. However, there are also games on LOWER levels below the first order, perhaps we can call these microgames, or 0th order games? Not sure. A penalty shootout is a lower order game within the rules of soccer, for instance. So while 0th order games may be intentionally designed and procedural, higher order games seem to all originate from play itself rather than the designer, and my intuition is that these aren't really designed by the designers themselves. My intuition says that these higher order games fall outside of the scope of procedure in these cases.
